Feature/api 8430 improvements (#897)
livechat/livechat-public-docs: content/messaging/agent-chat-api/rtm-reference/index.mdx

| `application.name`                  | No       | `string`   | Application name                                                                                                                                                                              |
| `application.version`               | No       | `string`   | Application version                                                                                                                                                                           |
| `away` __*__                        | No       | `bool`     | When `true`, the connection is set to the `away` state. Defaults to `false`.                                                                                                                  |
| `customer_monitoring_level`         | No       | `string`   | Possible values: `my`, `chatting`, `invited`, `online` __**__. Defaults to `my` if [login](#login) creates the first session; otherwise it preserves the current `customer_monitoring_level`. |

> | `pushes`                            | No       | `object`   | May be used when interested only in specific pushes. By default, it's set to `all` for the version of your currently established RTM connection.                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `pushes`                            | No       | `object`   | Use case: when you want to receive only specific pushes. By default, it's set to `all` for the version of your currently established RTM connection.                                              |
```

> | `pushes.<version>`                  | Yes      | `[]string` | A list of push subscriptions for a specific version;`<version>` is a version number, without `v` prefix; possible values are names of the pushes                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `pushes.<version>`                  | Yes      | `[]string` | A list of push subscriptions for a specific version;`<version>` is a version number, without `v` prefix. Possible values: push names.                            |
```
